welcome to slash forward in this episode
we're going to take a look at a
modernized
demon curse story with the 2019 film
countdown
if in doubt you should try subscribing
to the channel to add years to your life
let's get to it we open a raging teen
party overflowing with socializing and
drinking games of various sorts
as a group of best friends crowd around
a table in fellowship and discuss the
latest apps they're enjoying for their
cellular phones
one of them stumbles across countdown an
app named similarly to the one she was
actually looking for but instead of
calorie counting this one tells you when
you're going to die
okay new game and they all download it
even this little [ __ ] which is too bad
for her because while they all enjoy the
promise of full long lives
courtney gets the dreaded three-hour
countdown this also requires her to
drink since she lost the game
but it's all good yeah boy evans got you
babe as they go to leave we learn from
evan that he's actually a very adept
drunk driver so we get a pretty good
idea of where this is going
in a twist of horror trope fate court
actually gets out of the car
saving her from an almost assured
accident but resulting in a warning that
she violated the user agreement of the
app
this thoroughly spooks her causing her
to see death everywhere in this hooded
man
in this pile of trash which looks like a
hooded man in this
garage door so she rushes home and locks
herself in as the timer ticks down as
she runs out of opportunities to die we
find out that the ultimate cause of
one's death comes
via ghost but we see back at the car
that this is only the case if one tries
to change one's fate
we then flash forward to a calm cozy
pre-covet hospital
here the nurse intern quinn searches out
her patient who we come to discover is
evan
hanging out in the closed wing of the
hospital so he can be alone to take a
thinking break
due to the accident he has a surgery
schedule and it seems to coincide with a
new countdown to his death timer
in response to her questioning he goes
ahead and downloads the whole plot into
her brain
bringing her along into his personal
health later as quinn's co-workers
celebrate her official transition to
licensed nurse
we discover evans infected them all with
his spooky app talk
and many of them have already downloaded
it the celebration is interrupted
however when a couple of drug
enthusiasts bust in needing assistance
we watch the miracle of modern medicine
as they bring her back from the brink
with a simple injection
on her way out quinn casually downloads
the app like it's nothing
skips the user agreement because of
course and then ponders how she wants to
spend the final three days of her life
she starts by heading home to fill out
some paperwork but finds she needs a
copy of her birth certificate
this brings her to her childhood home
which she tends to stay away from since
mom died
she finds her paperwork there and also
her younger sister jordan
running wild with limited supervision
and feelings of abandonment
back at the hospital evan is wondering
about his method of death since the
timer doesn't appear to be giving him
enough time to get through surgery prep
naturally curious he wanders off but
this breaks the ua
as he wonders what this means he catches
sight of a reverse vampire only visible
as a reflection this startles him into
the stairwell where he finds himself
breathing like a maniac and trapped with
no lights
he is confronted by courtney's zombie
soul which causes him to fall to his
death when news of this reaches quinn
she is immediately thrown into a state
of paranoia and desperately desires to
review the contents of evan's phone
unfortunately it's locked so she's
required to go to the morgue to borrow
his face for a moment in order to gain
access
now thoroughly freaked out she calls her
father to cancel the graveside vigil he
had scheduled for saturday she
immediately finds that this is in
violation of the ua but we all make
choices
all the time so how do we ever know
she's too stressed to do her job
effectively but luckily she has an
awesome boss in dr sullivan who slides
right in there to provide some
encouraging praise
and possibly smash his crotch against
her turns out a previously provided
glowing letter of recommendation came
with strings attached
and she is indebted to him in his eyes
but he's some kind of tease
cool and when she breaks free to go talk
to her nurse boss amy
dr sullivan calls her away to prevent
them from having a consultation
later at home quinn tries to
troubleshoot apps that won't delete off
your phone and threaten to kill you
as she researches this she finds some
additional evidence of other incidents
including one that was filmed but
presumed by super smart internet sleuths
to be a fake
she then has a spooky vision and tries
to destroy her phone but as she leaves
we see the countdown cannot be stopped
she ends up sleeping in her car and is
awoken by another jump scare that ends
up being jordan who's come to stay with
her while their dad's out of town for
work
since quinn is preoccupied with her
impending untimely death
she feels incapable of managing the
situation and sends her away
also she really has to get to the phone
store so she can try to get a fresh
start with a new phone when she sees her
new devices devoid of the unwanted app
she has a brief orgasm but in a
surprising twist she finds it was
premature
as the update alerts her right as she
hits the door she voices her
dissatisfaction with the proprietor and
then retires to her automobile
outside in a short span she gets scared
multiple times
ultimately ramming another car look what
you did to my lexus
lexus owner confirmed she's saved by
matt who observed her outburst in the
phone store
and had actually gone there due to a
similar problem so now they're death
buddies
through their discussion they recognize
that getting a peek at that user
agreement is the key to all of this
they coyly convince this flat earther to
download the app so they can peep that
contract
it confirms that if they use the app to
try to change their fate they lock
themselves in instead
but since the alternative is to die
anyway i don't really see the problem
here
naturally they go to discuss this with
the father hoping he can help them with
their technophile demons
but his feet are too solidly on the
ground as he doesn't believe in
actual real demons however as is always
the case he knows a guy and makes a
referral
quinn is called away and so matt takes
this opportunity to use the bathroom
where he's confronted by a barefoot
weirdo who starts weeping in the stall
and doing ghostly things
this predictably results in a
confrontation that ends suddenly and in
a way that makes matt look like a crazy
person
meanwhile we see quinn was called into a
meeting with hr to discuss the situation
with dr sullivan who sets up the
scenario like he's about to let out a
big admission but only ends up putting
the blame on her
claiming that she is too hot to trot
resulting in behavior unbecoming of a
professional work environment and this
causes her to storm out without
resolution they head to the church they
were referred to and find it occupied by
a different kind of father who mostly
got into the clergy racket and the hope
he would find opportunities to
investigate demons
he gives them some backstory on a demon
that sounds similar to what they're
dealing with and he wonders if he might
be able to find a way out of this we can
just get a peek at the source code of
the app this results in a field trip to
the dock
on his way to a potentially fruitful
tinder date our couple manages to
convince him to hang back
and assist them with the promise of a
couple lightly used credit cards
he lives for this hacker stuff and he
breaks in easily finding the code
riddled with latin phrases and we all
hope that they got a screen cap of the
one portion of code that will be
important for them
while he continues diddling the code he
successfully adds a few years onto his
time so they have him make modifications
to theirs as well
while searching for quinn they find that
jordan's in there also and she becomes
the recipient of a healthy top-off on
her ears
with their stress relieved our pair
takes a few moments just to vibe out
hard and they agree to stick this out
until the end remaining together until
they're officially beyond what had
previously been their official death
time as they strengthened their
connection with some good old
unbroken eye contact we learned that
what drove them each to seek
out their fate was a prior loss for
which they each felt responsible quinn
for her mother who was looking for her
at a party when she got into a car
accident and matt for his brother
man these characters are so full you
guys and then quinn welcomes matt into
bed
i don't usually jump into bed with girls
that i just met off of an app
well technically we met because of an
app
yes wait what
later we see the young lovebirds
spooning their brains out it's a bit too
randy for my taste but then quinn gets
the sense that some supernatural stuff
is happening downstairs
but it's just matt hey wait a minute she
was spooning a demon the whole time
and then their apps returned to normal
because why wouldn't they
quinn tries to call jordan to warn her
and she retrieves her phone from the
babysitter's room
she finds her update and gets her first
demon haunting as we see
lots and lots of indications that he's
likely pacing the hallway outside her
room
this malfunctioning nightlight is enough
to drive her to hide out under the bed
but then the bed just gets pulled away
and she's visited by her mom
she runs out screaming right as quinn
and matt arrive and they all run off
together they head straight to church
where the father reads the latin phrases
which doesn't do much more than confirm
they're all cursed
something he's actually excited about
because you can break a curse typically
by
proving satan a liar so in this case
dying early by some other cause or
holding out
even a second longer than the timer says
the plan now is to sit idly within a
blessed pentagram of salt which they
make more permanent by mixing into some
paint
under the careful instruction of the
priests they get their iconography all
set up and ready so when the lights go
out they hop into that circle the father
whips out his cross and begins speaking
in tongues to confuse the demon
but this is a tricky demon and it
distracts the others with a loud noise
only they can hear while enticing matt
to step
out by confronting him with a vision of
his dead brother it drags him out into
the road where he's hit by a car and he
passes away as the final seconds tick
down on his counter
in the aftermath we see jordan took a
shard of glass the gut at some point and
quinn rushes her to the er ear quinn is
approached by a co-worker who says that
several of them have been victimized by
dr sullivan
and they all have her back if she
decides to go after him this gives her
an idea of planting a subtle seed with a
doctor as he passes and then vowing to
jordan that she's gonna solve all this
before time runs out she goes to dr
sullivan's office to sensually thank him
for helping her sister
and despite appealing to his narcissism
he suspects a honey pot and refuses to
be lured in so easily
but she also touches his johnson so
maybe it's legit
taking a risk he goes to meet her in the
forbidden wing and she convinces him to
play sexual marco polo
since he had downloaded the app and is a
total doucher her plan is to kill him
before his time and break the curse for
everyone else
but he gets a demonic assist preventing
her from an easy victory
and resulting in a violent game of hide
and seek the demon proves to be too
formidable and the doctor manages to
slip away with only minutes left for
jordan to ponder her life choices while
getting manhandled by the demon
quinn now has no choice but to enact the
ultimate sacrifice
it tries to engage her as her mom to
stay her hand but she is determined to
maintain control of her fate
revealing satan to be a big fat liar
this ultimately turns the demon into
dust
jordan rushes to quinn to mourn but
finds she's adorned herself with
instructions for resuscitation
so she follows them and then welcomes
her sister back from the other side
after all this healing we find them now
visiting their mother's grave as a
family
and they briefly mention that dr
sullivan is in jail so everything is
wrapped up with a tidy little bow
until i have a website set up where you
can support the channel through
donations or
merch and i'd like to take a moment to
give a huge thanks to my donors
memorialized in the hall of head shots
[Music]
countdown laid out an interesting
premise and delivered some good jump
scares and tension it did seem to be
weighed down little by the plot devices
in that the whole breaking the user
agreement aspect didn't seem to be all
that necessary
or changed the outcome much other than
that it resulted in a brief haunting
before death
instead of just death this seems
inconsequential
outside of some of these minor quibbles
the movie is pretty solid and i would
recommend it
if you enjoyed the video i'd love for
you to become a part of the channel by
subscribing
thanks for watching